feat(map_tf_generator)!: launching planning_simulator without pointcloud map (#1216)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: map/map_tf_generator/Readme.md

## Purpose

To broadcast the `viewer` frame for visualization of map in Rviz.
The position of the `viewer` frame is the geometric center of input.

Note that there is no module to need the `viewer` frame and this is used only for visualization.

> There are two nodes:
> 
> - `pcd_map_tf_generator_node` to visualize pointcloud_map
> - `vector_map_tf_generator_node` to visualize vector_map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the supported methods to calculate the position of the `viewer` frame:

- `pcd_map_tf_generator_node` outputs the geometric center of all points in the PCD.
- `vector_map_tf_generator_node` outputs the geometric center of all points in the point layer.
```
